Add explorations (#188)
w3c/compute-pressure: EXPLORATION.md

Support for Power Pressure
===

> This we need to do to create a Power Pressure Observer POC.

Reviewer: Some commas in the sentence are welcome.

> This we need to do to create a Power Pressure Observer POC.

Author: ```suggestion
This is what we need to in order to to create a Power Pressure Observer POC.
```

Reviewer: the syntax is not correct.
- "what we need to " not sure if you forgot the "do", it s understandable without.
- "in order to to" twice "to"

Author: What do you mean :D ???

Reviewer: hoo, somehow it showed it in a very strange way! Now it looks fine.
Sorry that is fine!

> This we need to do to create a Power Pressure Observer POC.

Author: ```suggestion
This is what we need to do in order to create a Power Pressure Observer POC.
```

There are specific threads outside of the main thread and worker thread that developers are interested in, especially for video conferencing / game streaming. Web RTC is often used and though it uses two threads, we could probably expose this as ```"cpu.rtc"```.

WebRTC and Chrome have separate threads for ```"cpu.camera"``` and ```"cpu.microphone"``` capture and it might make sense to expose compute pressure for these.

Average pressure
===

Though polling frequently allows getting the most recent state, you can also be unlucky and get data at exactly the point when the system is under pressure, though that is the odd case and might not represent the state over time.

Users can average values manually, though it costs JavaScript cycles and can be made more efficient lower down the stack. As averaging costs cycles it makes sense to make this an opt-in, by an option flag to the ```observe()``` method, e.g., ```observe(“cpu” { summarize: true })```.

> Looking at existing APIs it seems that a summarized average over the last 10 seconds, 30 seconds (half a minute) and 300 seconds (5 minutes) makes sense.

Reviewer: Can we have a reference here for "existing APIs"

Author: We could, but I would have to dig those up again, so let's make it another PR
